This package is an add-on to the newtxmath package, providing metric files that allow use the Roman and Greek letters from MinionPro Version 2, except with a math italic v distinct from \nu, within newtxmath using the 'minion' option.

Current version: 1.06 2015-03-28

This material is subject to the LaTeX Project Public License 1.3 or later. See 
http://www.ctan.org/license/lppl1.3
for the details of that license.

Changes in version 1.06
Modified zmnmia and zmnbmia to add varkappa in italic and upright shapes, not requiring the AMS fonts or their substitutes.

Changes in version 1.05
Regenerated zmnmia and zmnbmia in line with changes to ntxmia and ntxbmia, providing bigdelims option as well as timesmathacc option.

Changes in version 1.04
1. Revised description for generating zmn*.pfb, due to cfftot1 in this case not creating type1 fonts compatible with those generated by FontForge.
2. Revised metric files, in view of 1.

Changes in version 1.03
1. Resolved problem in script creating zmn*.pfb.
2. Brought MathItalicA into conformity with other newtx addons. Newtxmath, version 1.15 or higher, is required.

Changes in version 1.02
1. Substantial changes to documentation and simpler conversion procedures.

Changes in version 1.01
1. Provided expanded symbolsA font.

Requirements: 
1. You must have in your possession Version 2 or later of MinionPro-Regular.otf, MinionPro-Bold.otf, MinionPro-It.otf and MinionPro-BoldIt.otf. These fonts must be converted to PostScript format with modifications to the filenames and the PostScript names as specified in the documentation.
2. The map file zmn.map must be enabled before using the option 'minion' with newtxmath.

Installation:

It is simplest to carry out the font conversion first, as described in the documentation, placing the resulting .pfb files in the downloaded TDS inside fonts/type1/adobe/minion2. The install the TDS as follows:

Mac OS X: To install, open a Terminal window and cd to inside the downloaded TDS folder.

Method A (recommended): type

sudo cp -Rfp * /usr/local/texlive/texmf-local

then

sudo mktexlsr

then

sudo -H updmap-sys --enable Map=zmn.map

Method B: If you insist on making your font installations in your home folder, potentially making your personal installation become out of sync with updates to TeXLive, use instead

(i) if you checked Update for All Users in TeXLive utility

cp -Rfp * ~/Library/texmf

then

updmap --enable Map=zmn.map

(ii) otherwise

cp -Rfp * ~/Library/texmf

then

sudo updmap-sys --enable Map=zmn.map

Linux: Very similar to Mac OS X.

MikTeX: Copy the newtxTDS.zip to the root of the folder you use for personal additions to the TeX trees, open a command window, chdir to that folder, and type

unzip newtxtds
initexmf --update-fndb
initexmf --edit-config-file updmap

The latter command should open updmap.cfg in your default editor, commonly Notepad. Add the line 

Map zmn.map 

to updmap.cfg, save and close. Then, in the command window, type

initexmf --mkmaps

You can ignore error messages that may occur here. This should result in a properly enabled zmn.

Please send comments and bug reports or suggestions for improvement to

msharpe at ucsd dot edu